Team Meeting Notes for July 5&6, 2023

Topics:

TODO by Saturday meeting: 
- RLC/RCLC studying more on this to debug line code for microRos (esp32)
	- share more info on the issue in the discord chat (misi)
- Review code for lidar and libraries to start to code our own library for our project. (brittney)
	- also review code from discord by jordy
- Discuss library regarding microROS
- setup ssh through differen networks (brit and misi) (VPN setup, looking into this more )
	-- https://askubuntu.com/questions/749230/is-it-possible-to-ssh-between-two-different-network 
	-- https://www.howtogeek.com/66214/how-to-forward-ports-on-your-router/ 
- read a section of ros 2 documentation (jordy, misi, bri)
	-- https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/index.html

TODO during Saturday meeting:
- test out preassembled rover and suggest fixes
- share information regarding lidar libraries for microRos

TODO through the Week: 
- Try to assembly the entire rover to get a feel/understanding of how everything will look together (friday)
	-- bring hotglue gun (maybe)
- update the website (bri and misi)
	- update component pics with our own pics
	- add team meeting notes as well
	- add summary of may notes

NOTES: 
We got the second rasberry pico to work with the lidar, re-soldering did the trick.

JULY goal is to create a library with function calls for our sensors
August goal - TBA

In charge of components:
Brittney - lidar
Misi - IMU and accelorator 
Jordy - PID encoder
